BILD table - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
TYSSEDAL bed - 1/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. A bit of a disappointment. I totally do not recommend buying this product
DAGARN sofa - I've never owned anything worse...
FALSTER floor lamp - 6/10 - So sexy!!!! The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! just what We needed
MORVIK love seat - Holds up well. I've never owned anything better!
HEMNES desk - not that comfortable
KALLAX chair - It is OK. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
ÅDUM love seat - Get one with a larger base.
BREIM recliner - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
MORVIK love seat - 3/10 - Two stars. 
UTRUSTA ceiling lamp - Looks nice in my home.
ÅDUM bed - 7/10 - Both me and my cat love these.
DAGARN light - I totally do not recommend buying this product CAUTION!!!
PAX coffee table - 4/10 - A bit of a disappointment. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
BOHOLMEN chair - 8/10 - Both me and my wife love these.
LEIFARNE table - You get what you pay for. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Hard to assemble.
ÅDUM shelf - I did not want a tripod.
MORDVICK picture frame - 4/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part. Starts sweating after a few months.
KALLAX picture frame - 2/10 - I've never owned anything worse... The painted finish is very uneven Two stars.
HENRIKSDAL desk - Works just fine. It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
BESTÅ shelf - 2/10 - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. Thought it would be a chair.
KLABB shelf - 2/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Manufacturer would not replace part. It was great until it started creeking.
HEKTAR desk chair - 5/10 - Get one with a larger base.
STRÅLA ceiling lamp - Blech! This is a piece of junk.
GÄSPA couch - Just horrible.
NORRNÄS ceiling lamp - 4/10 - Meh. idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
ÅDUM desk chair - Works just fine. gets the job done Woohoo!
FJÄLKINGE bed - Quiet as a duck. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted Will-destroying assembly required.
ALVINE ceiling lamp - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
BILD bed - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. just what We needed
DVALA mattress - 6/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
BILD recliner - Broken Quiet as a duck. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
MELLTORP recliner - 1/10 - It's not cat food... I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Did not spend an arm and a leg
RAMSÄTRA chair - 4/10 - It was great until it started creeking. Thought it would be a chair. Did not spend an arm and a leg
TYSSEDAL desk - 4/10 - Thought it would be a chair. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
HEKTAR bedframe - 3/10 - Get one with a larger base. Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
ALEX ceiling lamp - 2/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk.
DAGARN ceiling lamp - 1/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible.
NORRNÄS recliner - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
NORNÄS desk - 3/10 - It looks USED. Just horrible.
TYSSEDAL coffee table - 2/10 - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ Comfortable? Ehh… Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
HENRIKSDAL desk chair - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
DVALA table - 1/10 - Will-destroying assembly required.
MALM mattress - 1/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. The painted finish is very uneven
BILLSTA bed - Easy to set up awesome!
KVIKNE picture frame - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. It is OK.
GÄSPA shelf - 5/10 - Really? IKEA's not even trying.
BILD bedframe - 2/10 - Not what I expected. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
ÄNGSÖ ceiling lamp - Not what I expected. Blech! This is a piece of junk. Comfortable? Ehh…
NYMÖ desk - 5/10 - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ It was great until it started creeking. Hard to assemble.
MORDVICK couch - I did not want a tripod.
BILLSTA couch - 1/10 - not that comfortable
FJÄLKINGE ceiling lamp - 3/10 - Cheap! I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
HEKTAR recliner - You get what you pay for. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
DONBÅS desk - 4/10 - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING It's not cat food...
HENRIKSDAL bedframe - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. Will-destroying assembly required.
DVALA picture frame - 9/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great just what We needed was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
UTRUSTA ceiling lamp - LOL there are NO LOCKS idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
LEIFARNE desk chair - It is OK. So far, so good! Itś very strong
MALM desk - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. awesome!
DAGSTORP light - It's not cat food...
BJURSTA bed frame - 5/10 - Cheap! Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
RAMSÄTRA sofa - 1/10 - not that comfortable Not for me. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
FALSTER standing table - 7/10 - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. awesome! Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
PAX ceiling lamp - 5/10 - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
ALEX coffee table - 6/10 - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
DONBÅS sofa - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
BESTÅ mattress - 1/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
HEKTAR sofa - I did not want a tripod.
STRÅLA standing table - Hands down the best I've ever had.
BILLSTA picture frame - 7/10 - just what We needed is the perfect height It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
FJÄLKINGE shelf - Two stars. not that comfortable Did not spend an arm and a leg
KLABB mattress - 8/10 - Looks nice in my home.
GÄSPA desk - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
BREIM love seat - 6/10 - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. just what We needed
ÅDUM mattress - 7/10 - I love this and my cats love it. Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
MORDVICK ceiling lamp - 1/10 - I totally do not recommend buying this product CAUTION!!!
BOHOLMEN desk chair - 9/10 - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. So far, so good! Itś very strong
BILLSTA chair - Broken Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
ALVINE desk chair - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
NORNÄS desk lamp - 8/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Very happy seems sturdy. Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
KALLAX chair - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
BILD light - I was very pleased with my purchase.
NORRNÄS futon - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
KALLAX desk - Holds up well. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
BJÖRNLOCKA bedframe - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
DAGARN shelf - Not for me. Will-destroying assembly required. horrible. horrible. horrible.
ÄNGSÖ light - 8/10 - gets the job done Both me and my husband love these.
MORDVICK desk - It's not cat food... Hard to assemble.
FJÄLKINGE standing table - 4/10 - Just horrible. Get one with a larger base.
STRÅLA love seat - Starts sweating after a few months. Comfortable? Ehh…
STRÅLA coffee table - 1/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
MORDVICK mattress - 10/10 - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
KVIKNE mattress - sturdy I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
BESTÅ floor lamp - I’m happy with it. Very good!!!
RAMSÄTRA bedframe - 3/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. Two stars. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
ÅDUM love seat - Will-destroying assembly required.
MALM standing table - Cheap! idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
MALM light - 2/10 - not that comfortable
MORDVICK mattress - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Best for the price! Both me and my wife love these.
BJÖRNLOCKA love seat - A bit of a disappointment.
BILLSTA standing table - 1/10 - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. horrible. horrible. horrible. Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
KLABB ceiling lamp - Ample-bottomed need not buy. Manufacturer would not replace part. Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
ÅDUM light - 4/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. Thought it would be a chair.
DAGARN light - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. is the perfect height I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
BREIM table - 4/10 - LOL there are NO LOCKS It was great until it started creeking.
ALVINE floor lamp - 3/10 - Cheap! Manufacturer would not replace part.
NORNÄS chair - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
RAMSÄTRA picture frame - 7/10 - Hands down the best I've ever had. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
NORRNÄS chair - 9/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. just what We needed
UTRUSTA recliner - It looks USED.
STRÅLA bedframe - 2/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box I totally do not recommend buying this product
KVIKNE love seat - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
LEIFARNE desk lamp - 7/10 - I’m happy with it. So sexy!!!! I've had better, but this is still great overall.
FALSTER picture frame - 4/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
KALLAX desk chair - Very good!!! I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. I love this and my cats love it.
TYSSEDAL bedframe - 5/10 - Get one with a larger base. Not what I ordered.
MORDVICK ceiling lamp - You get what you pay for. Pretty great for the price Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
MALM desk - A bit of a disappointment.
GÄSPA standing table - 8/10 - We <3 this frame!
BILLSTA love seat - 6/10 - I've never owned anything better! Both me and my cat love these.
UTRUSTA shelf - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
GÄSPA ceiling lamp - 1/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
PAX table - The painted finish is very uneven LOL there are NO LOCKS
NORRNÄS bed - 5/10 - Both me and my wife love these. Hands down the best I've ever had.
ÅDUM bedframe - Blech! This is a piece of junk. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Looks great, feels terrible.
POÄNG light - Get one with a larger base. not that comfortable Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
MALM standing table - Very happy seems sturdy.
KALLAX bed - 8/10 - Hands down the best I've ever had. I've had better, but this is still great overall. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
BJÖRNLOCKA recliner - LOL there are NO LOCKS
ÅDUM bed frame - 1/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Will-destroying assembly required.
ÅDUM standing table - not that comfortable Starts sweating after a few months. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
BJURSTA picture frame - Both me and my cat love these. Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Easy to set up
BJÖRNLOCKA couch - 9/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
BOHOLMEN bedframe - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! Quiet as a duck.
MORDVICK recliner - 5/10 - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
HEKTAR floor lamp - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. I've had better, but this is still great overall. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
BJURSTA love seat - 5/10 - So far, so good! Itś very strong For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
MELLTORP chair - 5/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
HEMNES couch - Ample-bottomed need not buy. LOL there are NO LOCKS
TYSSEDAL couch - 6/10 - So sexy!!!! Very happy seems sturdy.
GÄSPA recliner - 1/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible.
BOHOLMEN sofa - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. Very happy seems sturdy.
DVALA desk chair - 2/10 - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
BESTÅ shelf - Really? IKEA's not even trying. Ample-bottomed need not buy. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
BOHOLMEN chair - 7/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. Pretty great for the price I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
MELLTORP floor lamp - 5/10 - Great
BOHOLMEN standing table - 2/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
UTRUSTA bed frame - gets the job done
DONBÅS floor lamp - It looks USED.
GÄSPA sofa - 5/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. awesome!
POÄNG recliner - It is OK. Very good!!! just what We needed
BOHOLMEN desk - 1/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
KLABB bed - 3/10 - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Not what I expected.
LERHAMN picture frame - 1/10 - I totally do not recommend buying this product In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Manufacturer would not replace part.
NYMÖ bed - 1/10 - Really? IKEA's not even trying. Did not spend an arm and a leg
UTRUSTA bedframe - 10/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. So sexy!!!!
DAGARN love seat - 10/10 - So sexy!!!! I've never owned anything better!
HEKTAR recliner - I was very pleased with my purchase. Works just fine. It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
FALSTER coffee table - 2/10 - It looks USED.
BREIM table - Blech! This is a piece of junk.
ÅDUM bed - 2/10 - Hard to assemble.
NORNÄS futon - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box I've never owned anything worse... READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
LERHAMN desk - Cheap!
LEIFARNE picture frame - Comfortable, well built
ÅDUM sofa - 4/10 - You get what you pay for.
ALEX floor lamp - 10/10 - Great
DONBÅS shelf - Not what I ordered.
ALEX picture frame - 2/10 - I did not want a tripod. Cheap!
LERHAMN ceiling lamp - 1/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
BJURSTA light - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? Comfortable, well built
FALSTER mattress - 10/10 - Both me and my cat love these.
TYSSEDAL sofa - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. Both me and my husband love these. Great
MORDVICK desk lamp - It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
ALVINE standing table - 10/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
MALM recliner - This is the one! Very good!!! I've had better, but this is still great overall.
ÄNGSÖ light - Just horrible. It's not cat food... Hard to assemble.
BILD shelf - Two stars. It's not cat food...
KALLAX bed - 5/10 - Two stars. not that comfortable LOL there are NO LOCKS
KLABB chair - Holds up well.
NORNÄS bed - 1/10 - not that comfortable
HEMNES bed frame - LOL there are NO LOCKS
LEIFARNE chair - 4/10 - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. Meh. Hard to assemble.
NORNÄS bedframe - 5/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Not what I ordered. The painted finish is very uneven
ÄNGSÖ shelf - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. A bit of a disappointment.
UTRUSTA love seat - 1/10 - I've never owned anything worse... CAUTION!!! Not what I ordered.
POÄNG desk lamp - Both me and my husband love these. It is OK. You get what you pay for.
BILLSTA love seat - 7/10 - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
GALANT mattress - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. Both me and my husband love these.
GÄSPA bedframe - 5/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? I've had better, but this is still great overall.
TYSSEDAL recliner - You get what you pay for. Both me and my wife love these. Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
LEIFARNE ceiling lamp - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. You get what you pay for. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
PAX desk chair - awesome! Both me and my cat love these.
HENRIKSDAL desk lamp - 6/10 - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. It is OK.
BJÖRNLOCKA coffee table - 3/10 - Broken Meh. not that comfortable
HEKTAR futon - 10/10 - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
MALM desk - 3/10 - Not what I ordered. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. Awkward and poorly made.
STRÅLA love seat - 4/10 - Get one with a larger base.
BOHOLMEN bed frame - 5/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Meh. LOL there are NO LOCKS
MORVIK desk chair - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted Manufacturer would not replace part. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
FALSTER bed - is the perfect height
KALLAX bedframe - lots of storage!
UTRUSTA futon - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
HEMNES bedframe - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
BILLSTA floor lamp - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
ALVINE mattress - Both me and my cat love these. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
BILD light - 2/10 - Not what I ordered. Thought it would be a chair. It's not cat food...
DONBÅS recliner - gets the job done
KLABB futon - 2/10 - Really? IKEA's not even trying. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
DAGSTORP sofa - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
UTRUSTA standing table - 5/10 - Best for the price!
BOHOLMEN coffee table - 8/10 - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
MORDVICK bed frame - Holds up well.
DAGSTORP desk lamp - 8/10 - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. Great
RAMSÄTRA shelf - Hands down the best I've ever had. This is the one! just what We needed
GÄSPA desk - 10/10 - This is the one! Both me and my husband love these. Looks nice in my home.
UTRUSTA standing table - Woohoo! For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. I've had better, but this is still great overall.
MORDVICK light - 8/10 - awesome! Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
BOHOLMEN light - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Not what I ordered. Not for me.
DVALA bedframe - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. So far, so good! Itś very strong
DONBÅS bed - 7/10 - I love this and my cats love it. Both me and my cat love these.
STRÅLA bed frame - Holds up well. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
GALANT futon - 10/10 - Holds up well. The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! I’m happy with it.
HEMNES standing table - 4/10 - Awkward and poorly made. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
NYMÖ couch - awesome!
DAGSTORP bed - A bit of a disappointment. Starts sweating after a few months. Quiet as a duck.
BJURSTA coffee table - 6/10 - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
GÄSPA desk - 8/10 - gets the job done
UTRUSTA floor lamp - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
BILD table - 5/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
FALSTER standing table - 5/10 - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product. For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
BILLSTA table - 10/10 - awesome! sturdy
TYSSEDAL desk chair - Starts sweating after a few months.
FALSTER sofa - 7/10 - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
BJURSTA bedframe - 1/10 - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
HENRIKSDAL standing table - 5/10 - lots of storage!
HEMNES love seat - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! It is OK. Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
STRÅLA mattress - You get what you pay for.
DAGSTORP coffee table - 1/10 - Starts sweating after a few months. Meh. LOL there are NO LOCKS
MORVIK shelf - 10/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall. So sexy!!!! This is the one!
FJÄLKINGE futon - 1/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
DAGSTORP bed frame - 6/10 - fit good for my space
FJÄLKINGE floor lamp - I love this and my cats love it. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Pretty great for the price
BREIM love seat - 7/10 - Very happy seems sturdy. Easy to set up
UTRUSTA chair - Get one with a larger base.
MALM ceiling lamp - 4/10 - The painted finish is very uneven Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
MALM futon - Comfortable, well built Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? Great
MELLTORP coffee table - 4/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Broken
DVALA futon - 2/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part.
HEMNES standing table - 7/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
LEIFARNE mattress - 3/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. Cheap!
MORVIK bed frame - Not what I expected. Get one with a larger base.
MELLTORP light - A great addition to the house. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
KLABB desk - 1/10 - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
FJÄLKINGE sofa - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
ÄNGSÖ bedframe - Broken Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. I did not want a tripod.
RAMSÄTRA ceiling lamp - 5/10 - It's not cat food... Meh.
TYSSEDAL standing table - It is OK. Very good!!!
BILLSTA desk chair - 8/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap. Best for the price!
HEKTAR light - Looks great, feels terrible. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
HEMNES couch - I did not want a tripod. Hard to assemble. It's not cat food...
BILD bedframe - 5/10 - It looks USED. Meh.
UTRUSTA shelf - Easy to set up It may look ugly, but overall it's great. It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
KALLAX floor lamp - 2/10 - Will-destroying assembly required. It was great until it started creeking.
DVALA table - 4/10 - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Awkward and poorly made.
ÄNGSÖ chair - 7/10 - Easy to set up
HEMNES love seat - Comfortable, well built So far, so good! Itś very strong Looks nice in my home.
STRÅLA light - Quiet as a duck. Not what I ordered.
BILLSTA floor lamp - 10/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
LEIFARNE shelf - It looks USED. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Cheap!
PAX light - 7/10 - lots of storage! Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? Both me and my husband love these.
LERHAMN futon - It's not cat food...
PAX ceiling lamp - 6/10 - Works just fine. This is the one! awesome!
HEKTAR sofa - 5/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. You get what you pay for.
LERHAMN coffee table - 3/10 - Not for me. I totally do not recommend buying this product Not what I ordered.
MORVIK mattress - horrible. horrible. horrible.
ALEX futon - awesome!
UTRUSTA love seat - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. Not what I expected.
BJÖRNLOCKA shelf - 5/10 - So sexy!!!! Works just fine. Woohoo!
HEKTAR light - 2/10 - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
FALSTER desk chair - 3/10 - Quiet as a duck. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Two stars.
BREIM ceiling lamp - I've never owned anything worse... Starts sweating after a few months. It looks USED.
FJÄLKINGE futon - Pretty great for the price
UTRUSTA chair - 6/10 - Works just fine. Both me and my cat love these. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
KLABB desk lamp - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
LEIFARNE shelf - lots of storage!
ALVINE mattress - Will-destroying assembly required. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
HEKTAR standing table - gets the job done Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. Pretty great for the price
RAMSÄTRA bed - 3/10 - Awkward and poorly made.
BOHOLMEN bed frame - LOL there are NO LOCKS easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
LERHAMN standing table - 1/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg
BESTÅ shelf - I've never owned anything worse... It looks USED. Comfortable? Ehh…
DAGSTORP light - 4/10 - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. horrible. horrible. horrible.
GALANT shelf - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
KVIKNE love seat - 1/10 - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. not that comfortable
POÄNG bedframe - 5/10 - sturdy For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
DAGSTORP sofa - 8/10 - Looks nice in my home.
TYSSEDAL light - 8/10 - Pretty great for the price Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
BESTÅ ceiling lamp - 2/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
POÄNG shelf - It does what it says it does.  Buy it. Comfortable, well built is the perfect height
LERHAMN couch - 8/10 - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
KALLAX love seat - 10/10 - Pretty great for the price
BESTÅ bed - It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
LERHAMN shelf - 9/10 - Easy to set up
FJÄLKINGE floor lamp - Two stars. Hard to assemble.
PAX desk chair - 1/10 - Quiet as a duck.
ÅDUM bedframe - 2/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. horrible. horrible. horrible. It was great until it started creeking.
HENRIKSDAL bedframe - 3/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Not for me.
BOHOLMEN love seat - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Broken Two stars.
ÅDUM desk - 1/10 - LOL there are NO LOCKS
PAX shelf - Very good!!! I was very pleased with my purchase.
BOHOLMEN recliner - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. Looks nice in my home.
MORDVICK desk chair - 3/10 - Meh. Blech! This is a piece of junk. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
LERHAMN desk chair - I love this and my cats love it.
POÄNG ceiling lamp - 6/10 - Comfortable, well built
BREIM couch - gets the job done
KLABB love seat - This is the one! awesome! Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
DAGARN bedframe - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
HENRIKSDAL desk - Not what I ordered. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ Ample-bottomed need not buy.
BOHOLMEN desk - 1/10 - It was great until it started creeking. The painted finish is very uneven Looks great, feels terrible.
MALM desk - 9/10 - Looks nice in my home. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
LERHAMN floor lamp - 9/10 - Looks nice in my home.
BESTÅ standing table - Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
TYSSEDAL futon - 4/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Broken
HENRIKSDAL standing table - 2/10 - A bit of a disappointment.
MELLTORP floor lamp - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
LEIFARNE couch - Very good!!!
STRÅLA light - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Hands down the best I've ever had. Looks nice in my home.
MALM sofa - We <3 this frame! I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. just what We needed
NORRNÄS love seat - 5/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
HEMNES bedframe - 9/10 - Comfortable, well built fit good for my space just what We needed
KVIKNE mattress - 3/10 - I did not want a tripod. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
LEIFARNE light - 3/10 - Just horrible. horrible. horrible. horrible.
MORVIK picture frame - gets the job done
ÄNGSÖ standing table - 8/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
KALLAX bed frame - 3/10 - Comfortable? Ehh… Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
UTRUSTA coffee table - Looks nice in my home. It’s pretty much what I was looking for. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
DAGARN mattress - 4/10 - Just horrible.
BOHOLMEN shelf - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Broken
DONBÅS love seat - Very good!!! Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
BESTÅ chair - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. I’m happy with it.
HEKTAR desk chair - 6/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Holds up well.
ALVINE desk chair - just what We needed sturdy
ÄNGSÖ light - 1/10 - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted CAUTION!!! It looks USED.
FJÄLKINGE shelf - 3/10 - Cheap! not that comfortable READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
MELLTORP floor lamp - 2/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
HEKTAR futon - fit good for my space Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. is the perfect height
POÄNG sofa - 9/10 - Both me and my husband love these. is the perfect height
FJÄLKINGE chair - Woohoo! Best for the price! I love this and my cats love it.
ALVINE bed frame - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
BJURSTA mattress - Quiet as a duck.
GALANT desk - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
MELLTORP light - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
HENRIKSDAL love seat - I've had better, but this is still great overall.
STRÅLA standing table - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
BESTÅ futon - 3/10 - Will-destroying assembly required.
DAGSTORP coffee table - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. It looks USED.
BOHOLMEN futon - 9/10 - Works just fine.
GÄSPA ceiling lamp - I’m happy with it. Great Very happy seems sturdy.
MELLTORP picture frame - 8/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
KLABB bedframe - 6/10 - gets the job done Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. I’m happy with it.
LEIFARNE mattress - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
DONBÅS desk - 5/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part. not that comfortable Broken
HEKTAR picture frame - 6/10 - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. Looks nice in my home. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
NYMÖ chair - 5/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
STRÅLA love seat - awesome! Both me and my husband love these. So far, so good! Itś very strong
ALEX love seat - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted Really? IKEA's not even trying.
BILLSTA floor lamp - 8/10 - I love this and my cats love it. It is OK. Both me and my cat love these.
ÅDUM standing table - 4/10 - You get what you pay for.
ÅDUM desk - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
LERHAMN bed - 5/10 - It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
TYSSEDAL standing table - 1/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
HENRIKSDAL sofa - Pretty great for the price
BREIM bed - A bit of a disappointment. Get one with a larger base. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
KALLAX coffee table - 7/10 - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. Best for the price!
ÄNGSÖ shelf - Looks nice in my home.
HEMNES light - 3/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
LEIFARNE recliner - 3/10 - Not what I expected. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
UTRUSTA desk lamp - 4/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
FJÄLKINGE chair - Get one with a larger base. Thought it would be a chair. I did not want a tripod.
HENRIKSDAL coffee table - So sexy!!!! Holds up well. Works just fine.
DONBÅS futon - Very good!!! I was very pleased with my purchase. It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
STRÅLA bed frame - 5/10 - Cheap! CAUTION!!!
LEIFARNE desk lamp - I was very pleased with my purchase. Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
MORDVICK ceiling lamp - 10/10 - just what We needed
ALVINE desk chair - You get what you pay for.
BJURSTA futon - fit good for my space Easy to set up
BJURSTA chair - lots of storage! I've had better, but this is still great overall.
BJÖRNLOCKA picture frame - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. Looks nice in my home. It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
HEMNES table - Very good!!! Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
LEIFARNE coffee table - just what We needed So sexy!!!! Great
BREIM bed frame - So far, so good! Itś very strong This is the one!
ALEX recliner - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
ALVINE sofa - Really? IKEA's not even trying. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
RAMSÄTRA bed - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
BOHOLMEN love seat - 10/10 - just what We needed It is OK. Pretty great for the price
PAX chair - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. It was great until it started creeking. not that comfortable
TYSSEDAL table - I’m happy with it.
KVIKNE sofa - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product. Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
HEMNES bed - I was very pleased with my purchase.
DAGARN standing table - 4/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. I totally do not recommend buying this product Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
MORVIK futon - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
DONBÅS shelf - horrible. horrible. horrible. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Starts sweating after a few months.
HEKTAR love seat - 6/10 - sturdy It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
POÄNG bedframe - 10/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase. is the perfect height I've never owned anything better!
ALEX picture frame - 1/10 - Awkward and poorly made. It's not cat food... A bit of a disappointment.
NYMÖ sofa - Holds up well. Both me and my husband love these. This is the one!
ÄNGSÖ shelf - Starts sweating after a few months. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
DVALA coffee table - 5/10 - Very good!!! So sexy!!!! gets the job done
GÄSPA mattress - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
DAGSTORP bed - 8/10 - It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
HENRIKSDAL bed frame - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
UTRUSTA desk chair - 5/10 - It was great until it started creeking. Broken No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
MORDVICK futon - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. just what We needed
UTRUSTA desk - 1/10 - not that comfortable It's not cat food...
KLABB love seat - 2/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! It looks USED.
LERHAMN bedframe - 9/10 - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. You get what you pay for.
HEMNES bed frame - 7/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall. Looks nice in my home. just what We needed
BREIM standing table - It is OK. Pretty great for the price
MALM picture frame - 9/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Both me and my cat love these. I love this and my cats love it.
TYSSEDAL floor lamp - 5/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great Pretty great for the price
BILLSTA light - Looks great, feels terrible.
KLABB futon - Not what I expected. Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Awkward and poorly made.
BJÖRNLOCKA table - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Both me and my cat love these. We <3 this frame!
DVALA recliner - Easy to set up Both me and my husband love these. Best for the price!
GÄSPA table - 10/10 - Hands down the best I've ever had.
RAMSÄTRA mattress - It is OK. Works just fine.
BOHOLMEN chair - 2/10 - Hard to assemble. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
NORNÄS mattress - 4/10 - Not what I ordered. It's not cat food... In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
FALSTER shelf - Not what I expected. Meh. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
RAMSÄTRA mattress - is the perfect height
KVIKNE desk chair - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
FALSTER recliner - I’m happy with it. Holds up well. We <3 this frame!
POÄNG sofa - 6/10 - A great addition to the house.
KLABB chair - So sexy!!!!
LEIFARNE couch - 9/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Comfortable, well built So far, so good! Itś very strong
KLABB coffee table - I did not want a tripod.
HENRIKSDAL picture frame - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
GALANT sofa - Thought it would be a chair. Cheap!
ALVINE mattress - 6/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
KVIKNE desk chair - 4/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
DAGSTORP bed - It's not cat food...
BILD desk chair - 7/10 - Great gets the job done It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
LEIFARNE desk - Starts sweating after a few months. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
ALEX bed frame - 4/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Looks great, feels terrible. Two stars.
ALVINE light - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! Really? IKEA's not even trying. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
MORDVICK desk lamp - You get what you pay for. It's not cat food...
FJÄLKINGE couch - 3/10 - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Thought it would be a chair.
PAX desk - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box Will-destroying assembly required. I totally do not recommend buying this product
BREIM shelf - 8/10 - Both me and my cat love these. Looks nice in my home. It is OK.
MORDVICK desk chair - Broken Ample-bottomed need not buy. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
MORDVICK mattress - 5/10 - sturdy
NORNÄS mattress - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Meh. Hard to assemble.
BREIM ceiling lamp - 5/10 - I’m happy with it.
TYSSEDAL floor lamp - 1/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
MALM ceiling lamp - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
UTRUSTA futon - Looks nice in my home. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
BOHOLMEN love seat - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! Comfortable? Ehh…
LERHAMN table - 7/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
KALLAX desk lamp - 2/10 - Will-destroying assembly required. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Two stars.
BESTÅ desk lamp - 4/10 - Awkward and poorly made.
MALM table - Looks great, feels terrible.
KVIKNE futon - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. So far, so good! Itś very strong Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
LEIFARNE recliner - 7/10 - fit good for my space It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
MALM mattress - 5/10 - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
BILLSTA recliner - Not what I ordered. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
TYSSEDAL shelf - 5/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall.
RAMSÄTRA picture frame - We <3 this frame!
GALANT table - 3/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Ample-bottomed need not buy.
UTRUSTA love seat - 7/10 - is the perfect height
ÄNGSÖ futon - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. So far, so good! Itś very strong
ALVINE floor lamp - 6/10 - lots of storage! I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
UTRUSTA sofa - 6/10 - Both me and my husband love these. Comfortable, well built You get what you pay for.
DVALA bedframe - 5/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
RAMSÄTRA standing table - 5/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase.
NORNÄS floor lamp - 8/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. Works just fine.
BILLSTA bed - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
GÄSPA desk chair - 9/10 - Comfortable, well built It is OK.
DVALA chair - Comfortable? Ehh… Not what I ordered. I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
NYMÖ coffee table - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Blech! This is a piece of junk. Two stars.
BESTÅ floor lamp - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. Comfortable? Ehh…
BJÖRNLOCKA couch - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Not for me. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
BJURSTA desk chair - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. Woohoo! You get what you pay for.
KVIKNE standing table - 4/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
DAGARN bedframe - 5/10 - LOL there are NO LOCKS Starts sweating after a few months. It was great until it started creeking.
LERHAMN floor lamp - This is the one! So far, so good! Itś very strong
NORNÄS recliner - It looks USED.
RAMSÄTRA love seat - 5/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Best for the price!
POÄNG ceiling lamp - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
MORVIK chair - 6/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Very happy seems sturdy.
NORRNÄS couch - Manufacturer would not replace part. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
DVALA love seat - fit good for my space I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
LEIFARNE recliner - 6/10 - Easy to set up
PAX ceiling lamp - 4/10 - Awkward and poorly made.
BILD bedframe - 7/10 - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
BILLSTA shelf - 4/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Blech! This is a piece of junk.
BOHOLMEN floor lamp - 9/10 - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
FJÄLKINGE bed frame - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box Not for me. Starts sweating after a few months.
BILD light - 2/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. It's not cat food...
HEMNES couch - 6/10 - Best for the price!
BJURSTA love seat - Very happy seems sturdy. lots of storage! Best for the price!
RAMSÄTRA bed - is the perfect height I’m happy with it.
DAGSTORP desk lamp - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
ÅDUM table - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. Woohoo!
BESTÅ recliner - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Will-destroying assembly required.
UTRUSTA ceiling lamp - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
NORRNÄS bed frame - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
BOHOLMEN shelf - 10/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room? I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
KLABB futon - Both me and my husband love these. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. Woohoo!
BILLSTA picture frame - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. fit good for my space
BESTÅ coffee table - 5/10 - A bit of a disappointment.
FJÄLKINGE desk chair - 8/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
HEKTAR bed - 8/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. This is the one!
POÄNG chair - lots of storage! Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
MALM couch - 10/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. fit good for my space
HEKTAR chair - 1/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. I've never owned anything worse... Quiet as a duck.
TYSSEDAL table - 8/10 - fit good for my space Hands down the best I've ever had. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
PAX ceiling lamp - Holds up well. Works just fine.
UTRUSTA desk lamp - We <3 this frame! It is OK. Very good!!!
TYSSEDAL table - So sexy!!!! Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
DVALA bed - 10/10 - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Holds up well.
FJÄLKINGE coffee table - 10/10 - So sexy!!!!
BESTÅ floor lamp - Really? IKEA's not even trying. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
FJÄLKINGE desk chair - 1/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. It's not cat food... You get what you pay for.
BILLSTA light - 4/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
KVIKNE desk lamp - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
LERHAMN bed - 4/10 - CAUTION!!! Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
DAGSTORP ceiling lamp - 2/10 - I did not want a tripod.
STRÅLA shelf - Did not spend an arm and a leg
NORNÄS shelf - 1/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg Manufacturer would not replace part. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
DVALA standing table - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
GÄSPA picture frame - 7/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
NYMÖ shelf - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
MORDVICK chair - 5/10 - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Comfortable? Ehh… I totally do not recommend buying this product
NORRNÄS coffee table - 2/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
GÄSPA bed frame - 3/10 - I totally do not recommend buying this product
TYSSEDAL sofa - 5/10 - Very happy seems sturdy.
TYSSEDAL desk - I love this and my cats love it.
BILD couch - Both me and my husband love these.
LEIFARNE picture frame - I love this and my cats love it. It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
KLABB futon - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. Easy to set up gets the job done
DONBÅS table - 4/10 - Two stars.
TYSSEDAL love seat - 2/10 - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
GÄSPA bedframe - So sexy!!!!
ÅDUM recliner - A great addition to the house.
HEKTAR shelf - 7/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
HEKTAR ceiling lamp - The painted finish is very uneven It's not cat food...
DAGARN desk chair - I totally do not recommend buying this product easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
HEKTAR light - 5/10 - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
NYMÖ bed frame - 5/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
KVIKNE desk chair - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
KLABB chair - Ample-bottomed need not buy. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
KALLAX standing table - 4/10 - A bit of a disappointment. not that comfortable
KLABB bed frame - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted CAUTION!!!
FJÄLKINGE picture frame - 2/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg
FJÄLKINGE light - 7/10 - We <3 this frame! just what We needed Very happy seems sturdy.
RAMSÄTRA futon - You get what you pay for.
KVIKNE picture frame - So far, so good! Itś very strong awesome! Both me and my wife love these.
BILD love seat - sturdy I've never owned anything better! I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
BJURSTA desk chair - Great
KALLAX couch - Manufacturer would not replace part. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
KALLAX desk - 5/10 - I’m happy with it.
POÄNG standing table - 2/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Will-destroying assembly required.
KVIKNE ceiling lamp - 2/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk.
BILLSTA desk - 8/10 - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. Works just fine.
KVIKNE shelf - 6/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Both me and my husband love these.
KALLAX bed - Awkward and poorly made.
FALSTER recliner - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! fit good for my space
LERHAMN coffee table - Will-destroying assembly required. You get what you pay for.
FJÄLKINGE light - 5/10 - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Not what I ordered.
KALLAX bed frame - 2/10 - Not what I ordered. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Broken
BJÖRNLOCKA picture frame - Starts sweating after a few months. A bit of a disappointment. Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
BESTÅ chair - 7/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
MALM picture frame - 5/10 - Will-destroying assembly required.
ÄNGSÖ love seat - 6/10 - Pretty great for the price
NORNÄS bed - Not what I expected. A bit of a disappointment. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
LEIFARNE futon - 2/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Blech! This is a piece of junk. Not what I expected.
STRÅLA mattress - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
BJÖRNLOCKA chair - 5/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Two stars. It was great until it started creeking.
ÅDUM ceiling lamp - 3/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
ALVINE ceiling lamp - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Did not spend an arm and a leg
MELLTORP standing table - Pretty great for the price
ÄNGSÖ couch - 10/10 - Comfortable, well built For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. You get what you pay for.
HEKTAR recliner - 5/10 - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Looks great, feels terrible.
ÄNGSÖ ceiling lamp - 5/10 - LOL there are NO LOCKS I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
STRÅLA recliner - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. Not for me. LOL there are NO LOCKS
LERHAMN desk chair - Holds up well. just what We needed
ALEX coffee table - 5/10 - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. lots of storage! For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
BILLSTA sofa - 5/10 - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
HEMNES sofa - 9/10 - Both me and my cat love these. Works just fine. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
ALVINE shelf - 10/10 - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product. It may look ugly, but overall it's great. I've had better, but this is still great overall.
LEIFARNE bedframe - I’m happy with it. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
HENRIKSDAL coffee table - 3/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
TYSSEDAL bed - 5/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
GÄSPA coffee table - 5/10 - Ample-bottomed need not buy.
MORVIK chair - 5/10 - You get what you pay for. Easy to set up
DAGARN bed frame - gets the job done fit good for my space lots of storage!
HENRIKSDAL floor lamp - 6/10 - So far, so good! Itś very strong For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Hands down the best I've ever had.
BILD couch - You get what you pay for.
GÄSPA futon - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. It looks USED. No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
NORNÄS ceiling lamp - 9/10 - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
LERHAMN table - 10/10 - I’m happy with it. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
KVIKNE standing table - 6/10 - Pretty great for the price
BOHOLMEN coffee table - Holds up well.
BJÖRNLOCKA bed frame - 4/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
KVIKNE couch - 1/10 - The painted finish is very uneven You get what you pay for. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
LERHAMN chair - 5/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! The painted finish is very uneven
LEIFARNE ceiling lamp - 3/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Not for me. Two stars.
MORDVICK recliner - 2/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. Did not spend an arm and a leg I totally do not recommend buying this product
MELLTORP standing table - 5/10 - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! Looks great, feels terrible.
DVALA desk lamp - 5/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. horrible. horrible. horrible.
GÄSPA floor lamp - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. I love this and my cats love it.
LEIFARNE light - 5/10 - sturdy I've had better, but this is still great overall.
GALANT table - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Get one with a larger base.
GALANT floor lamp - 6/10 - Pretty great for the price Great I've had better, but this is still great overall.
MORDVICK bed frame - 1/10 - You get what you pay for. Not what I expected. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
GÄSPA coffee table - 3/10 - Really? IKEA's not even trying. I did not want a tripod. horrible. horrible. horrible.
FALSTER light - 3/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
NYMÖ standing table - Both me and my wife love these.
ÅDUM bed - is the perfect height
DAGARN bed - 8/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
GÄSPA couch - 6/10 - Pretty great for the price Both me and my husband love these. Very good!!!
BILD chair - 3/10 - It's not cat food... READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Quiet as a duck.
DAGARN standing table - 8/10 - just what We needed Hands down the best I've ever had.
UTRUSTA chair - A great addition to the house. It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
GÄSPA futon - Get one with a larger base.
BJÖRNLOCKA bedframe - 6/10 - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
KVIKNE bedframe - 3/10 - A bit of a disappointment. I've never owned anything worse...
TYSSEDAL floor lamp - 10/10 - I've never owned anything better!
GÄSPA recliner - 6/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
ÄNGSÖ chair - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
GALANT ceiling lamp - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. Very happy seems sturdy.
GALANT table - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
HEKTAR couch - 2/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. Thought it would be a chair. Two stars.
DAGSTORP bed frame - Woohoo!
LEIFARNE desk - 9/10 - Very good!!!
GÄSPA coffee table - 5/10 - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
BOHOLMEN desk - 5/10 - It looks USED. I've never owned anything worse...
RAMSÄTRA light - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Manufacturer would not replace part. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
BJÖRNLOCKA light - 7/10 - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. Hands down the best I've ever had. I've never owned anything better!
LEIFARNE ceiling lamp - Both me and my husband love these.
MORDVICK standing table - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
BJÖRNLOCKA futon - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. sturdy
DAGARN bed - Very happy seems sturdy. Both me and my wife love these.
HEKTAR picture frame - 5/10 - LOL there are NO LOCKS
BJURSTA sofa - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
STRÅLA desk - A bit of a disappointment.
POÄNG table - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. lots of storage! It is OK.
BESTÅ futon - 3/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. Not for me. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
HEKTAR coffee table - 9/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
ALEX couch - 10/10 - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
HENRIKSDAL light - 9/10 - Both me and my cat love these.
ALEX mattress - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. So sexy!!!! I've had better, but this is still great overall.
STRÅLA mattress - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
HEKTAR sofa - 5/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. Very good!!!
HENRIKSDAL desk chair - Pretty great for the price
RAMSÄTRA recliner - 10/10 - Both me and my cat love these. Very happy seems sturdy.
UTRUSTA mattress - 5/10 - Comfortable? Ehh… Just horrible.
KVIKNE mattress - 7/10 - So far, so good! Itś very strong
BILD ceiling lamp - 4/10 - It looks USED.
KLABB love seat - 3/10 - Starts sweating after a few months. Just horrible. horrible. horrible. horrible.
HENRIKSDAL shelf - gets the job done Easy to set up It is OK.
GÄSPA chair - 5/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. Will-destroying assembly required. You get what you pay for.
BESTÅ light - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Hands down the best I've ever had. A great addition to the house.
LEIFARNE love seat - 1/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Not what I ordered. Cheap!
BILLSTA bed frame - 10/10 - Looks nice in my home.
LERHAMN desk lamp - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. not that comfortable
NYMÖ love seat - Holds up well. Works just fine.
RAMSÄTRA floor lamp - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
BILLSTA light - 7/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
HEMNES chair - Both me and my cat love these. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Both me and my husband love these.
MORDVICK sofa - 3/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
MELLTORP bedframe - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ Comfortable? Ehh…
DAGSTORP desk lamp - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great It is OK. Both me and my cat love these.
MORDVICK couch - LOL there are NO LOCKS Comfortable? Ehh…
BESTÅ chair - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Just horrible.
GÄSPA desk - 1/10 - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. You get what you pay for. I totally do not recommend buying this product
STRÅLA chair - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Comfortable? Ehh…
HENRIKSDAL chair - horrible. horrible. horrible. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
BJURSTA futon - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
BESTÅ mattress - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great It is OK.
NYMÖ desk chair - 8/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
ALEX futon - 6/10 - awesome! Both me and my husband love these. I was very pleased with my purchase.
STRÅLA bed - 1/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk.
KALLAX bed - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
MORVIK bed frame - Manufacturer would not replace part. It was great until it started creeking.
STRÅLA floor lamp - awesome! A great addition to the house.
ALVINE desk lamp - 9/10 - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
UTRUSTA ceiling lamp - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
NORNÄS sofa - 1/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. The painted finish is very uneven
BILLSTA standing table - is the perfect height
FJÄLKINGE bed - 10/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
HEMNES recliner - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Both me and my wife love these.
HEMNES sofa - 8/10 - I've never owned anything better! gets the job done
MALM futon - Comfortable? Ehh… Cheap! Two stars.
DVALA table - I've never owned anything worse... Ample-bottomed need not buy.
BREIM coffee table - 5/10 - is the perfect height Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
MALM standing table - Very good!!!
MELLTORP desk - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
BILD mattress - 6/10 - Both me and my husband love these. It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. Both me and my wife love these.
ALVINE shelf - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
HENRIKSDAL desk chair - 5/10 - Starts sweating after a few months.
HEKTAR light - 5/10 - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Both me and my wife love these.
DAGSTORP couch - LOL there are NO LOCKS I totally do not recommend buying this product
LEIFARNE love seat - 2/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
NORNÄS sofa - I've had better, but this is still great overall.
MORVIK bed - 5/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg Get one with a larger base. Not for me.
KALLAX recliner - 1/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. Okay guys, this is just poor quality. You get what you pay for.
KLABB shelf - So far, so good! Itś very strong Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
PAX ceiling lamp - Looks nice in my home. You get what you pay for.
BJÖRNLOCKA coffee table - is the perfect height
PAX desk - Not what I expected.
KLABB bed frame - Both me and my husband love these. It is OK.
BESTÅ desk lamp - LOL there are NO LOCKS horrible. horrible. horrible. Not for me.
NYMÖ futon - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
KLABB couch - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. You get what you pay for. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
BREIM light - 5/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
ALVINE standing table - It is OK. Both me and my wife love these.
MORVIK picture frame - 8/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Very good!!!
BESTÅ desk lamp - Woohoo!
ALVINE love seat - 5/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
ÅDUM desk lamp - 3/10 - Two stars.
MORDVICK futon - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. I've never owned anything better!
GALANT futon - 3/10 - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. I did not want a tripod. The painted finish is very uneven
KLABB table - 4/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg
MORDVICK chair - So sexy!!!!
GALANT desk chair - 5/10 - Holds up well.
MALM floor lamp - Not for me. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
POÄNG recliner - 6/10 - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
PAX shelf - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Broken This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
MELLTORP chair - This is the one! I was very pleased with my purchase.
BREIM mattress - Starts sweating after a few months. Will-destroying assembly required.
LEIFARNE shelf - Easy to set up
DAGARN couch - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
NORNÄS bedframe - lots of storage!
TYSSEDAL picture frame - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Meh. Not for me.
LEIFARNE bedframe - It looks USED. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
RAMSÄTRA chair - LOL there are NO LOCKS Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
HEKTAR bedframe - 2/10 - Cheap! I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
BILD bed frame - Very good!!! Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. lots of storage!
POÄNG love seat - 10/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Woohoo! Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
POÄNG sofa - 6/10 - Works just fine. gets the job done
BREIM bed - 5/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
BJURSTA bedframe - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
BOHOLMEN bedframe - 8/10 - Hands down the best I've ever had. Very happy seems sturdy.
TYSSEDAL sofa - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
MORDVICK standing table - Works just fine.
KLABB coffee table - Manufacturer would not replace part.
DAGSTORP standing table - Looks great, feels terrible. The painted finish is very uneven It's not cat food...
LERHAMN love seat - Not what I expected. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
PAX desk lamp - 5/10 - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Broken
BJURSTA bed frame - Thought it would be a chair. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Starts sweating after a few months.
BOHOLMEN shelf - It looks USED. Looks great, feels terrible. Awkward and poorly made.
ALEX sofa - 10/10 - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
LEIFARNE couch - Thought it would be a chair. Meh.
LERHAMN table - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
BILD coffee table - I did not want a tripod.
NORNÄS couch - It does what it says it does.  Buy it. These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
GALANT desk chair - Not what I ordered. Really? IKEA's not even trying. The painted finish is very uneven
HEMNES table - Manufacturer would not replace part. Will-destroying assembly required. You get what you pay for.
BREIM love seat - 4/10 - Awkward and poorly made. Cheap!
ÄNGSÖ desk chair - 6/10 - Great sturdy
BILLSTA ceiling lamp - 1/10 - It looks USED. Not what I expected. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
KALLAX futon - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Looks great, feels terrible. Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
NYMÖ coffee table - 9/10 - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
FALSTER table - The painted finish is very uneven easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Manufacturer would not replace part.
KALLAX ceiling lamp - 7/10 - fit good for my space Both me and my husband love these.
DVALA bed - Two stars. I've never owned anything worse...
BREIM love seat - 2/10 - Broken Ample-bottomed need not buy.
FJÄLKINGE bed - 7/10 - Woohoo! It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. So far, so good! Itś very strong
BJÖRNLOCKA bed frame - 6/10 - I love this and my cats love it. I’m happy with it.
MELLTORP desk lamp - 10/10 - I’m happy with it. Hands down the best I've ever had.
DAGARN floor lamp - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
TYSSEDAL shelf - Works just fine. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
STRÅLA recliner - 10/10 - I've never owned anything better! Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
KALLAX love seat - 5/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Not for me. Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
BOHOLMEN ceiling lamp - 5/10 - Get one with a larger base. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. I did not want a tripod.
STRÅLA desk - 1/10 - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
FJÄLKINGE bedframe - 10/10 - Easy to set up Hands down the best I've ever had.
HENRIKSDAL futon - Quiet as a duck. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! Manufacturer would not replace part.
MALM table - Both me and my wife love these. I love this and my cats love it. Comfortable, well built
KVIKNE recliner - Works just fine. gets the job done
UTRUSTA bed - gets the job done A great addition to the house. I was very pleased with my purchase.
MORVIK coffee table - 8/10 - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. A great addition to the house.
DVALA table - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
KALLAX table - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Comfortable? Ehh…
FALSTER desk - Not for me. I totally do not recommend buying this product
LERHAMN love seat - 3/10 - Ample-bottomed need not buy. The painted finish is very uneven No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
POÄNG recliner - 5/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. I was very pleased with my purchase.
HEMNES futon - 9/10 - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
ALVINE shelf - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
ÄNGSÖ ceiling lamp - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Comfortable? Ehh… Just horrible.
PAX chair - 2/10 - Just horrible.
KLABB light - I totally do not recommend buying this product READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
KALLAX picture frame - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Awkward and poorly made. Did not spend an arm and a leg
HEMNES futon - 3/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Get one with a larger base.
BILLSTA mattress - Hard to assemble.
LEIFARNE standing table - 9/10 - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
KLABB love seat - 3/10 - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Thought it would be a chair.
ÅDUM recliner - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! Get one with a larger base. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
NORRNÄS coffee table - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great awesome! Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
GALANT picture frame - Awkward and poorly made. Did not spend an arm and a leg Ample-bottomed need not buy.
LERHAMN couch - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. A great addition to the house.
HEKTAR desk - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
BREIM mattress - 3/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
NORNÄS sofa - Not what I expected.
NORRNÄS recliner - Best for the price! These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
PAX standing table - 2/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
HENRIKSDAL desk chair - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product. It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
PAX mattress - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. A great addition to the house.
KLABB standing table - This is the one! gets the job done
DAGARN shelf - We <3 this frame!
KLABB couch - 4/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
NORNÄS couch - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
MORDVICK desk chair - is the perfect height The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
TYSSEDAL bedframe - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... not that comfortable horrible. horrible. horrible.
GÄSPA recliner - Very happy seems sturdy. These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
HEKTAR floor lamp - 3/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Awkward and poorly made.
RAMSÄTRA sofa - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Both me and my cat love these.
HEMNES bedframe - 6/10 - Very good!!! Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
LEIFARNE shelf - Very good!!! These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
KALLAX couch - Hard to assemble.
ÄNGSÖ chair - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
BILD couch - Hard to assemble.
BILLSTA desk chair - 3/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
ÅDUM bedframe - We <3 this frame! So far, so good! Itś very strong Looks nice in my home.
MELLTORP shelf - 3/10 - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! It was great until it started creeking.
KVIKNE bed - Manufacturer would not replace part. Did not spend an arm and a leg
MORDVICK desk - 8/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
BJURSTA light - Awkward and poorly made. Okay guys, this is just poor quality. not that comfortable
BREIM mattress - horrible. horrible. horrible. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
GÄSPA desk lamp - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. Works just fine. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
GALANT chair - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted It looks USED.
MORDVICK table - Did not spend an arm and a leg easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
RAMSÄTRA light - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. Not for me.
BESTÅ bed frame - Works just fine.
HEMNES bedframe - So far, so good! Itś very strong
MORDVICK standing table - 4/10 - A bit of a disappointment. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
BILD love seat - I've had better, but this is still great overall. Great
BESTÅ futon - 4/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
PAX shelf - 5/10 - I've never owned anything worse... Meh. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
NORNÄS coffee table - 3/10 - It looks USED.
BESTÅ bed frame - 8/10 - sturdy
MORDVICK desk chair - 5/10 - CAUTION!!! It was great until it started creeking. Awkward and poorly made.
MORDVICK bed - Looks nice in my home. Pretty great for the price So sexy!!!!
NORRNÄS picture frame - Very happy seems sturdy.
BILLSTA bedframe - 2/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Meh.
MORVIK recliner - 5/10 - So far, so good! Itś very strong
BJÖRNLOCKA ceiling lamp - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Two stars. Awkward and poorly made.
KVIKNE table - 9/10 - I love this and my cats love it. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
FALSTER sofa - 9/10 - lots of storage! Both me and my husband love these. I love this and my cats love it.
DONBÅS love seat - 4/10 - CAUTION!!! It was great until it started creeking.
FJÄLKINGE mattress - I love this and my cats love it. I've had better, but this is still great overall.
BJÖRNLOCKA desk lamp - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
FJÄLKINGE desk - 10/10 - gets the job done Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
DONBÅS bedframe - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
UTRUSTA mattress - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
MORVIK floor lamp - 5/10 - Really? IKEA's not even trying. Starts sweating after a few months. Broken
NYMÖ light - Hard to assemble.
BILD bed - So sexy!!!! Hands down the best I've ever had. A great addition to the house.
KALLAX futon - 5/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. CAUTION!!!
ALVINE futon - 2/10 - Not what I expected. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
FJÄLKINGE desk lamp - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. I love this and my cats love it.
ÄNGSÖ couch - 4/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
FJÄLKINGE light - 5/10 - Hard to assemble. Will-destroying assembly required.
POÄNG bedframe - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
DAGSTORP bedframe - 10/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great So far, so good! Itś very strong
DVALA futon - So far, so good! Itś very strong
LERHAMN couch - 5/10 - It looks USED.
BESTÅ light - 3/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. I did not want a tripod.
HEKTAR recliner - 7/10 - A great addition to the house. is the perfect height
BJURSTA sofa - Holds up well.
UTRUSTA bed - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
PAX bedframe - Quiet as a duck. Awkward and poorly made. Will-destroying assembly required.
RAMSÄTRA ceiling lamp - 6/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. Very happy seems sturdy.
BREIM desk - CAUTION!!!
UTRUSTA futon - Comfortable? Ehh… Awkward and poorly made.
MORVIK mattress - 10/10 - Pretty great for the price
ÄNGSÖ bedframe - 7/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
UTRUSTA ceiling lamp - 6/10 - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. I was very pleased with my purchase. Both me and my husband love these.
KVIKNE picture frame - 9/10 - Works just fine. Both me and my wife love these.
GALANT desk - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Not for me.
BJÖRNLOCKA floor lamp - Not what I ordered.
RAMSÄTRA floor lamp - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
POÄNG love seat - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great It is OK.
NORNÄS love seat - 5/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
MORDVICK coffee table - 9/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase.
BJÖRNLOCKA light - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. You get what you pay for.
HENRIKSDAL table - 5/10 - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Get one with a larger base. A bit of a disappointment.
KLABB desk lamp - Quiet as a duck.
GÄSPA bedframe - 7/10 - Pretty great for the price These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
MALM futon - 2/10 - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
BILD couch - 10/10 - Looks nice in my home.
MALM table - 4/10 - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
DONBÅS desk - 2/10 - not that comfortable The painted finish is very uneven Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
BILD desk lamp - 8/10 - So far, so good! Itś very strong
ALEX floor lamp - A great addition to the house.
KVIKNE floor lamp - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
HEMNES bed - 1/10 - A bit of a disappointment.
NYMÖ coffee table - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Two stars. I totally do not recommend buying this product
BESTÅ ceiling lamp - 5/10 - Awkward and poorly made. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
MORDVICK picture frame - 2/10 - Ample-bottomed need not buy. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
DAGSTORP desk lamp - 3/10 - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. A bit of a disappointment.
GÄSPA bedframe - Great
KALLAX light - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. Looks nice in my home.
DAGARN desk lamp - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
DONBÅS desk lamp - 3/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part. Not for me.
BESTÅ chair - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
BILD love seat - Both me and my wife love these. We <3 this frame! I've never owned anything better!
ALVINE standing table - 8/10 - Easy to set up Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
LERHAMN desk chair - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
TYSSEDAL desk - Just horrible.
HEKTAR light - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
NORRNÄS table - So far, so good! Itś very strong
DAGSTORP mattress - 4/10 - Not what I expected.
ÅDUM bed frame - 3/10 - Get one with a larger base.
DVALA desk chair - 2/10 - A bit of a disappointment.
BILLSTA picture frame - 1/10 - I totally do not recommend buying this product
UTRUSTA chair - Will-destroying assembly required. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Hard to assemble.
KVIKNE floor lamp - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Both me and my cat love these. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
MELLTORP shelf - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
HEKTAR coffee table - 7/10 - Very good!!! We <3 this frame! I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
DAGSTORP bedframe - 5/10 - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. I've never owned anything worse... Blech! This is a piece of junk.
BOHOLMEN floor lamp - 2/10 - Awkward and poorly made. It was great until it started creeking. You get what you pay for.
DONBÅS bed frame - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
ALVINE chair - 9/10 - I’m happy with it. Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
LEIFARNE desk lamp - 7/10 - Great
MORVIK chair - 6/10 - gets the job done For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
UTRUSTA chair - Starts sweating after a few months.
BJÖRNLOCKA chair - 7/10 - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. I was very pleased with my purchase. awesome!
FJÄLKINGE love seat - 6/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
RAMSÄTRA light - 1/10 - Quiet as a duck.
GÄSPA standing table - It is OK. This is the one! It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
ALVINE chair - 1/10 - Not for me. Starts sweating after a few months. Two stars.
BESTÅ bed - Thought it would be a chair. I did not want a tripod.
KALLAX recliner - 5/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
NYMÖ couch - I totally do not recommend buying this product I've never owned anything worse...
HENRIKSDAL shelf - Get one with a larger base.
STRÅLA shelf - Really? IKEA's not even trying.
MORVIK mattress - 9/10 - Holds up well. gets the job done
BESTÅ shelf - 4/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! CAUTION!!!
HENRIKSDAL picture frame - 5/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
STRÅLA bedframe - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. So far, so good! Itś very strong
NORNÄS mattress - 2/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Quiet as a duck.
BILLSTA recliner - 5/10 - Hard to assemble. LOL there are NO LOCKS
HEKTAR bedframe - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
UTRUSTA coffee table - 10/10 - You get what you pay for. It may look ugly, but overall it's great. The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
BREIM chair - 6/10 - Comfortable, well built
NYMÖ futon - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted It was great until it started creeking. A bit of a disappointment.
BJÖRNLOCKA table - It is OK.
BILD picture frame - 4/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
BJURSTA desk - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
GALANT bedframe - 1/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg Thought it would be a chair. Two stars.
BILLSTA love seat - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
NORNÄS light - Both me and my husband love these.
DAGSTORP recliner - It's not cat food... It was great until it started creeking.
NORRNÄS desk lamp - 3/10 - Get one with a larger base. It looks USED. Awkward and poorly made.
GÄSPA coffee table - 4/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Blech! This is a piece of junk. Quiet as a duck.
PAX bed frame - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
FALSTER bed frame - I did not want a tripod. horrible. horrible. horrible.
GÄSPA coffee table - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
ÄNGSÖ recliner - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
NORRNÄS shelf - 1/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. Comfortable? Ehh…
GALANT sofa - horrible. horrible. horrible. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
ÄNGSÖ bed - 2/10 - Hard to assemble.
FJÄLKINGE couch - 4/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. Looks great, feels terrible.
BILD mattress - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. Both me and my cat love these. Very good!!!
BILD table - 4/10 - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
MALM couch - 5/10 - You get what you pay for. Two stars. Meh.
POÄNG bed frame - 1/10 - I did not want a tripod. Cheap! READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
KVIKNE bedframe - 6/10 - Holds up well. Best for the price!
BESTÅ futon - 4/10 - Will-destroying assembly required. Not for me.
MALM desk - 2/10 - Not what I expected. Starts sweating after a few months.
ALEX ceiling lamp - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
MALM bed - Both me and my wife love these. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
BJÖRNLOCKA love seat - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
MALM futon - 9/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great Both me and my husband love these.
DAGARN floor lamp - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
DVALA recliner - I've had better, but this is still great overall.
MALM recliner - 2/10 - LOL there are NO LOCKS Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
GÄSPA sofa - Thought it would be a chair. No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
ALVINE desk - 4/10 - Not what I ordered.
ALEX couch - I love this and my cats love it. So far, so good! Itś very strong It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
KLABB futon - 4/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
BILLSTA love seat - 3/10 - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Not for me. Ample-bottomed need not buy.
POÄNG light - 4/10 - Looks great, feels terrible.
GÄSPA bed - 8/10 - Best for the price! Easy to set up
DAGSTORP love seat - 3/10 - I did not want a tripod. A bit of a disappointment. Will-destroying assembly required.
KLABB table - 4/10 - I totally do not recommend buying this product I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
RAMSÄTRA futon - 9/10 - Both me and my cat love these.
BOHOLMEN floor lamp - 6/10 - Looks nice in my home. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
BJÖRNLOCKA picture frame - 5/10 - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Comfortable, well built Works just fine.
LEIFARNE standing table - I’m happy with it. gets the job done Pretty great for the price
BJURSTA futon - 10/10 - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. So sexy!!!!
MALM picture frame - 3/10 - Get one with a larger base. LOL there are NO LOCKS
GÄSPA desk lamp - 5/10 - I love this and my cats love it. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
DAGSTORP mattress - 2/10 - Not what I expected.
DAGARN desk - 4/10 - Awkward and poorly made.
NORNÄS mattress - 4/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part. Thought it would be a chair. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
PAX desk - horrible. horrible. horrible. A bit of a disappointment. Cheap!
POÄNG futon - 5/10 - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. gets the job done Great
PAX love seat - Starts sweating after a few months. Cheap! Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
GALANT sofa - Did not spend an arm and a leg In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
GÄSPA floor lamp - 8/10 - I love this and my cats love it. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
DAGARN chair - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! I've had better, but this is still great overall. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
BESTÅ standing table - Looks great, feels terrible. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
HEMNES couch - 1/10 - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Cheap! Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
BOHOLMEN floor lamp - 6/10 - just what We needed gets the job done
BOHOLMEN desk - CAUTION!!! I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
BJURSTA chair - 5/10 - just what We needed I've had better, but this is still great overall.
KALLAX ceiling lamp - Best for the price! awesome!
DAGARN chair - 9/10 - fit good for my space
KALLAX couch - Blech! This is a piece of junk.
FALSTER light - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Manufacturer would not replace part. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
RAMSÄTRA coffee table - You get what you pay for.
MALM desk lamp - 5/10 - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
HEKTAR mattress - 5/10 - Quiet as a duck. You get what you pay for. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
DONBÅS bedframe - I've never owned anything worse... it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
ÅDUM desk lamp - 5/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase. just what We needed
BESTÅ couch - Easy to set up Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
DAGARN sofa - 2/10 - I've never owned anything worse... CAUTION!!! You get what you pay for.
HEMNES love seat - 3/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. Just horrible. No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
KLABB chair - fit good for my space I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. Woohoo!
BREIM bed - 2/10 - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Awkward and poorly made.
HENRIKSDAL table - 5/10 - Comfortable? Ehh… not that comfortable
MORVIK futon - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Holds up well. It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
DAGARN desk lamp - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! Comfortable? Ehh…
NORRNÄS table - Looks nice in my home.
NORNÄS shelf - 6/10 - gets the job done sturdy Best for the price!
BJURSTA coffee table - Starts sweating after a few months. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. It was great until it started creeking.
BILLSTA floor lamp - 7/10 - Both me and my wife love these.
GALANT desk - 5/10 - It looks USED. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
BILD bed frame - Easy to set up was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
HEKTAR love seat - 4/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
DONBÅS desk - So far, so good! Itś very strong I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Both me and my cat love these.
GALANT light - Very happy seems sturdy. lots of storage!
DONBÅS ceiling lamp - 2/10 - CAUTION!!!
BJÖRNLOCKA light - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
DONBÅS picture frame - 8/10 - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
GALANT standing table - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. Not what I ordered. Broken
BILLSTA light - 5/10 - Get one with a larger base. I did not want a tripod.
STRÅLA desk - 6/10 - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. This is the one! It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
POÄNG bedframe - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
FJÄLKINGE recliner - 5/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. CAUTION!!! Meh.
BJÖRNLOCKA shelf - 7/10 - Great The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! You get what you pay for.
LEIFARNE desk - 8/10 - You get what you pay for.
POÄNG bedframe - Meh. Get one with a larger base.
NORRNÄS floor lamp - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap. gets the job done These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
DVALA couch - 4/10 - Broken
GÄSPA desk chair - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
BESTÅ table - 10/10 - awesome!
BESTÅ mattress - 7/10 - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. So sexy!!!!
GÄSPA ceiling lamp - We <3 this frame!
LERHAMN sofa - 5/10 - Two stars. I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. The painted finish is very uneven
BILLSTA bed frame - Looks great, feels terrible.
GALANT bedframe - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Looks great, feels terrible. Not for me.
STRÅLA mattress - 8/10 - A great addition to the house.
FJÄLKINGE sofa - Hands down the best I've ever had. It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. Very good!!!
MALM desk - So sexy!!!! Very happy seems sturdy.
BILD bed frame - 9/10 - I love this and my cats love it. Great
MORVIK futon - Great
MELLTORP mattress - 4/10 - Cheap!
STRÅLA desk lamp - 10/10 - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. sturdy So sexy!!!!
BOHOLMEN futon - Broken
ALEX chair - 4/10 - Not for me. I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
PAX light - 2/10 - It's not cat food...
HEMNES picture frame - 3/10 - It was great until it started creeking.
POÄNG mattress - Holds up well. These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
KVIKNE recliner - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
DONBÅS recliner - 8/10 - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. Very happy seems sturdy.
BJURSTA floor lamp - 6/10 - You get what you pay for. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
HEKTAR desk - 4/10 - Ample-bottomed need not buy.
NYMÖ bed - 5/10 - It's not cat food... Blech! This is a piece of junk.
NORRNÄS desk chair - 10/10 - Hands down the best I've ever had.
BOHOLMEN shelf - 9/10 - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap. Very good!!! Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
DONBÅS futon - 8/10 - Both me and my cat love these. We <3 this frame! It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
STRÅLA bedframe - CAUTION!!! Quiet as a duck.
GÄSPA table - 5/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
DAGSTORP table - 8/10 - is the perfect height It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
NORNÄS bedframe - Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. This is the one!
FJÄLKINGE sofa - 5/10 - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
UTRUSTA light - Not for me. Broken Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
KLABB futon - 10/10 - fit good for my space Woohoo!
DONBÅS desk chair - 8/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. I've never owned anything better!
BILD ceiling lamp - 5/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. This is the one! We <3 this frame!
DAGSTORP futon - I've had better, but this is still great overall. Very happy seems sturdy. awesome!
ALEX mattress - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
PAX mattress - 6/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
GALANT chair - 1/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Cheap!
UTRUSTA love seat - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
ALEX bed frame - 10/10 - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
ALEX desk - 6/10 - I've never owned anything better!
ÄNGSÖ picture frame - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
STRÅLA mattress - 5/10 - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. You get what you pay for. LOL there are NO LOCKS
ALEX bedframe - It is OK. just what We needed Both me and my cat love these.
ÅDUM ceiling lamp - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ You get what you pay for.
MELLTORP sofa - Easy to set up You get what you pay for.
HEKTAR desk lamp - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! LOL there are NO LOCKS I totally do not recommend buying this product
FALSTER bed - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
KALLAX picture frame - Both me and my cat love these. Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
BJURSTA desk - 6/10 - I've never owned anything better!
HENRIKSDAL light - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Meh.
ALEX standing table - 8/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall. Both me and my husband love these.
BESTÅ mattress - Two stars. Comfortable? Ehh… Broken
DONBÅS floor lamp - 9/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
HENRIKSDAL mattress - 7/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. Both me and my cat love these.
GALANT desk lamp - 1/10 - It looks USED. Get one with a larger base. Not what I expected.
NORNÄS couch - 5/10 - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
MELLTORP mattress - 8/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. gets the job done
DONBÅS sofa - 2/10 - It's not cat food...
BOHOLMEN couch - Broken
RAMSÄTRA picture frame - 1/10 - A bit of a disappointment. Quiet as a duck.
MELLTORP picture frame - I was very pleased with my purchase. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
BREIM mattress - 1/10 - It was great until it started creeking.
KVIKNE futon - 3/10 - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted
ALEX futon - 4/10 - Meh. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
BESTÅ mattress - 9/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. So sexy!!!!
DONBÅS picture frame - 3/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
MELLTORP light - 3/10 - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
MALM light - A bit of a disappointment. Get one with a larger base. Not what I expected.
UTRUSTA mattress - Pretty great for the price Comfortable, well built It is OK.
MORVIK bed - 7/10 - Holds up well. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
LEIFARNE standing table - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
GALANT table - 7/10 - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. I was very pleased with my purchase. Works just fine.
BJURSTA desk lamp - 10/10 - Best for the price! So far, so good! Itś very strong Both me and my husband love these.
MALM floor lamp - A great addition to the house.
GALANT mattress - 7/10 - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. A great addition to the house.
MORDVICK bed - Looks nice in my home. Both me and my husband love these.
GALANT futon - 9/10 - lots of storage!
MORDVICK coffee table - 8/10 - is the perfect height Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. Easy to set up
KVIKNE desk chair - Just horrible.
MORDVICK bed - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. CAUTION!!! Not what I expected.
UTRUSTA desk chair - 2/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg Starts sweating after a few months. The painted finish is very uneven
DONBÅS shelf - 4/10 - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Get one with a larger base.
BJÖRNLOCKA picture frame - 5/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
TYSSEDAL desk chair - 2/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Starts sweating after a few months.
ALEX bed frame - 9/10 - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. lots of storage! Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
MALM love seat - A bit of a disappointment.
ÅDUM futon - Blech! This is a piece of junk. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
MELLTORP chair - 8/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Easy to set up
FJÄLKINGE bed - 9/10 - Great
BESTÅ sofa - 5/10 - Get one with a larger base.
NYMÖ love seat - Both me and my husband love these. Both me and my wife love these.
ALVINE table - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. It is OK. Both me and my husband love these.
BJÖRNLOCKA bed frame - 5/10 - Both me and my wife love these. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
DAGSTORP couch - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
FJÄLKINGE light - 5/10 - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
KVIKNE futon - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
DONBÅS futon - 4/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
NORNÄS desk lamp - Looks great, feels terrible. Did not spend an arm and a leg
BESTÅ recliner - 4/10 - Hard to assemble. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold!
NYMÖ futon - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. It was great until it started creeking. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
MORVIK floor lamp - 4/10 - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Thought it would be a chair.
BILLSTA floor lamp - Blech! This is a piece of junk. Not for me.
ALVINE love seat - A great addition to the house.
RAMSÄTRA sofa - Woohoo! Both me and my husband love these.
KVIKNE bed - 5/10 - Will-destroying assembly required. Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
HEKTAR shelf - 5/10 - Looks nice in my home. These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
HEMNES ceiling lamp - Very happy seems sturdy.
STRÅLA coffee table - 1/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
BOHOLMEN chair - 1/10 - Thought it would be a chair. Comfortable? Ehh…
KVIKNE desk - 1/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Two stars.
ALVINE coffee table - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap. It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
HEMNES floor lamp - 2/10 - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
NYMÖ coffee table - Woohoo!
KALLAX desk chair - Blech! This is a piece of junk. Ample-bottomed need not buy. It looks USED.
NORNÄS coffee table - 3/10 - Ample-bottomed need not buy. Broken
NYMÖ standing table - Hard to assemble. Meh.
HEKTAR sofa - Hard to assemble. Two stars. LOL there are NO LOCKS
DAGARN table - 7/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it. Very good!!!
GÄSPA bed frame - Manufacturer would not replace part. Hard to assemble. Quiet as a duck.
ALEX light - 8/10 - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. Both me and my wife love these.
DAGARN picture frame - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
BJÖRNLOCKA bed - 6/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
NORRNÄS bed frame - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
NORNÄS couch - 4/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible.
KALLAX sofa - Get one with a larger base.
NORRNÄS standing table - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
BJURSTA ceiling lamp - 5/10 - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
FALSTER mattress - 4/10 - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Quiet as a duck.
DAGARN picture frame - 10/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
ÅDUM bedframe - 5/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. Best for the price! fit good for my space
BESTÅ couch - Holds up well. The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
MELLTORP floor lamp - 6/10 - It does what it says it does.  Buy it. Best for the price! So far, so good! Itś very strong
POÄNG standing table - not that comfortable
MORDVICK coffee table - 3/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk. Two stars.
LERHAMN floor lamp - 1/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
TYSSEDAL sofa - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED! A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Ample-bottomed need not buy.
DAGARN futon - awesome!
PAX light - 6/10 - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. is the perfect height
TYSSEDAL coffee table - 5/10 - idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box not that comfortable
BOHOLMEN love seat - horrible. horrible. horrible. Thought it would be a chair. CAUTION!!!
DAGSTORP bed - 4/10 - It's not cat food...
KLABB desk chair - 8/10 - Both me and my wife love these. I’m happy with it. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
BREIM couch - 10/10 - Pretty great for the price The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! fit good for my space
MORDVICK light - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. It is OK. Holds up well.
ALVINE desk - 5/10 - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Comfortable? Ehh…
ALVINE ceiling lamp - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great So sexy!!!!
BILLSTA sofa - 8/10 - awesome! Very happy seems sturdy. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
NORNÄS table - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. It is OK.
MELLTORP ceiling lamp - Holds up well. lots of storage! Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
ALEX desk - 6/10 - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
UTRUSTA coffee table - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Broken
BREIM ceiling lamp - A great addition to the house. lots of storage! Great
NORRNÄS coffee table - Ample-bottomed need not buy. Just horrible.
FJÄLKINGE table - Ample-bottomed need not buy. Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
NYMÖ shelf - Great
BREIM chair - 3/10 - CAUTION!!! Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
DONBÅS futon - 1/10 - It looks USED.
MORDVICK love seat - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
KLABB shelf - 7/10 - Both me and my cat love these. Comfortable, well built installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
UTRUSTA sofa - 5/10 - I did not want a tripod.
ALVINE table - 2/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk.
LERHAMN chair - 3/10 - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
MELLTORP recliner - 9/10 - Both me and my cat love these. I've had better, but this is still great overall.
HENRIKSDAL coffee table - 7/10 - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. Both me and my wife love these. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
STRÅLA chair - Did not spend an arm and a leg The painted finish is very uneven Comfortable? Ehh…
DAGSTORP couch - 10/10 - sturdy This is the one! You get what you pay for.
DAGSTORP picture frame - 4/10 - Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project.
TYSSEDAL shelf - 7/10 - Very happy seems sturdy. Holds up well.
KALLAX love seat - LOL there are NO LOCKS Comfortable? Ehh… Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
LERHAMN desk - Thought it would be a chair. Awkward and poorly made. LOL there are NO LOCKS
MALM light - 1/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part. I did not want a tripod. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
DVALA ceiling lamp - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING not that comfortable
ALVINE light - Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
ÄNGSÖ recliner - MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
ÅDUM love seat - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. just what We needed
HEKTAR love seat - Will-destroying assembly required. Blech! This is a piece of junk.
NORNÄS floor lamp - sturdy Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
LERHAMN recliner - Get one with a larger base.
ÅDUM table - Just horrible. Thought it would be a chair.
LERHAMN mattress - It was great until it started creeking. Hard to assemble. Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
MORVIK mattress - 10/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall.
MELLTORP bed frame - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
GALANT mattress - 5/10 - Works just fine. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
DAGSTORP chair - 8/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! Looks nice in my home. I love this and my cats love it.
DAGARN bed frame - It was great until it started creeking.
BREIM ceiling lamp - Really? IKEA's not even trying.
ALVINE mattress - Meh. A bit of a disappointment.
ÄNGSÖ recliner - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Great
PAX desk - 4/10 - Cheap! Quiet as a duck. No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
GALANT ceiling lamp - 7/10 - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. Woohoo! Hands down the best I've ever had.
HENRIKSDAL standing table - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Starts sweating after a few months.
TYSSEDAL floor lamp - 10/10 - lots of storage! awesome!
DAGSTORP bedframe - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
MELLTORP floor lamp - 5/10 - Best for the price! Great Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
TYSSEDAL table - Really? IKEA's not even trying. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Quiet as a duck.
LERHAMN light - I did not want a tripod.
UTRUSTA couch - 9/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase. is the perfect height
NYMÖ love seat - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Not what I ordered.
PAX desk lamp - 7/10 - So far, so good! Itś very strong lots of storage! For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
DVALA desk lamp - 10/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
DAGSTORP bed frame - 3/10 - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. Two stars.
FALSTER bedframe - 8/10 - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
BILD couch - 5/10 - not that comfortable
DVALA table - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. horrible. horrible. horrible.
BESTÅ picture frame - 8/10 - Comfortable, well built installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
FJÄLKINGE standing table - 2/10 - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Manufacturer would not replace part.
NORNÄS recliner - not that comfortable Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
KLABB bed - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
DAGARN desk - 1/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. Did not spend an arm and a leg Not what I ordered.
BOHOLMEN desk chair - 9/10 - Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. It does what it says it does.  Buy it.
FALSTER sofa - 6/10 - sturdy I've never owned anything better! Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
GALANT recliner - LOL there are NO LOCKS
DAGSTORP sofa - 6/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great So far, so good! Itś very strong I love this and my cats love it.
HEKTAR table - 9/10 - I love this and my cats love it.
ÅDUM desk - 4/10 - Not for me.
DAGSTORP light - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ Ample-bottomed need not buy.
NORRNÄS picture frame - I love this and my cats love it. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. So sexy!!!!
ALEX mattress - 6/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great I was very pleased with my purchase.
DAGARN light - 3/10 - Hard to assemble.
UTRUSTA bedframe - 5/10 - Very happy seems sturdy. I've had better, but this is still great overall.
ÄNGSÖ bed - 4/10 - Will-destroying assembly required. I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Ample-bottomed need not buy.
DAGSTORP floor lamp - 4/10 - Not what I expected. Meh. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
ÅDUM recliner - Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
BILLSTA bed - Broken Starts sweating after a few months.
RAMSÄTRA desk - awesome! Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap. You get what you pay for.
ALEX desk chair - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
DAGSTORP table - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
DAGARN light - awesome! So sexy!!!! Holds up well.
NORRNÄS standing table - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
BREIM bedframe - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Broken Looks great, feels terrible.
HEKTAR futon - 7/10 - lots of storage! Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
MALM ceiling lamp - Did not spend an arm and a leg Manufacturer would not replace part.
PAX table - 4/10 - Ample-bottomed need not buy. Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
HEKTAR love seat - 3/10 - Cheap!
TYSSEDAL love seat - 3/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. Ample-bottomed need not buy. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
BILLSTA desk - 9/10 - Best for the price! Both me and my cat love these. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
ÅDUM picture frame - Both me and my husband love these. just what We needed
STRÅLA chair - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
ÅDUM shelf - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
BOHOLMEN floor lamp - Okay guys, this is just poor quality.
DONBÅS chair - is the perfect height Works just fine. So sexy!!!!
ALVINE love seat - 5/10 - You get what you pay for. Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
LEIFARNE futon - Who wouldn't want one of these in their living room?
UTRUSTA light - Meh. Not what I ordered.
MALM ceiling lamp - 3/10 - Not what I expected.
KLABB sofa - 1/10 - Just horrible. not that comfortable Ample-bottomed need not buy.
MELLTORP shelf - Best for the price! It may look ugly, but overall it's great. I’m happy with it.
BILD mattress - 5/10 - gets the job done
KALLAX love seat - 3/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
DVALA shelf - I’m happy with it. Great I've had better, but this is still great overall.
BESTÅ recliner - Very good!!!
KLABB standing table - 3/10 - horrible. horrible. horrible. Broken
KALLAX table - 10/10 - is the perfect height
NYMÖ standing table - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
ÅDUM desk lamp - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
BOHOLMEN bedframe - 3/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. The painted finish is very uneven not that comfortable
NORRNÄS ceiling lamp - 3/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Not what I ordered.
GALANT desk chair - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. I've had better, but this is still great overall.
DAGSTORP futon - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. gets the job done Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
ÄNGSÖ couch - 8/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
ALVINE bedframe - Both me and my cat love these. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
GÄSPA floor lamp - 8/10 - just what We needed I was very pleased with my purchase. Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend.
NYMÖ picture frame - 7/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase. Holds up well.
LERHAMN chair - I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy. Cheap.  Looks like a Kindergarten Project. I've never owned anything worse...
MELLTORP picture frame - Hands down the best I've ever had. It’s pretty much what I was looking for. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
MELLTORP chair - 8/10 - So far, so good! Itś very strong
UTRUSTA mattress - 6/10 - Very good!!! Pretty great for the price Works just fine.
DAGARN recliner - 6/10 - just what We needed For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
MALM bed frame - 5/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
BILLSTA floor lamp - 7/10 - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA. A great addition to the house.
BESTÅ picture frame - Both me and my husband love these. just what We needed was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
DONBÅS futon - Quiet as a duck. Manufacturer would not replace part.
MORVIK futon - 8/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! installed in like 10 minutes and it works great awesome!
NORRNÄS light - 7/10 - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
NORRNÄS coffee table - Awkward and poorly made. Comfortable? Ehh… Will-destroying assembly required.
MELLTORP standing table - Comfortable, well built awesome!
MORDVICK futon - 5/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. Thought it would be a chair.
TYSSEDAL coffee table - 4/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! I totally do not recommend buying this product
BOHOLMEN standing table - CAUTION!!!
BESTÅ love seat - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
RAMSÄTRA desk lamp - Not what I expected.
BILLSTA bed frame - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Awkward and poorly made.
BESTÅ recliner - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
BJÖRNLOCKA love seat - 2/10 - A bit of a disappointment. I've never owned anything worse... Quiet as a duck.
MORVIK mattress - Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
BREIM recliner - 4/10 - CAUTION!!!
BJURSTA table - 7/10 - I love this and my cats love it. Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
BILLSTA futon - Very happy seems sturdy. Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame.
KALLAX love seat - 7/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great Hands down the best I've ever had.
UTRUSTA couch - 2/10 - It's not cat food...
KVIKNE mattress - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
HEMNES couch - 5/10 - You get what you pay for. Awkward and poorly made.
GALANT chair - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
BREIM couch - 8/10 - was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
BILD couch - 8/10 - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
ÄNGSÖ desk - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Starts sweating after a few months.
GÄSPA sofa - Get one with a larger base. This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently. not that comfortable
MELLTORP sofa - 7/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
KLABB picture frame - not that comfortable
KLABB picture frame - Did not spend an arm and a leg
PAX desk - It is OK. Pretty great for the price
MALM sofa - 3/10 - Not what I ordered.
RAMSÄTRA desk chair - 5/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Hands down the best I've ever had. Easy to set up
BILLSTA light - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
BJURSTA couch - 2/10 - CAUTION!!! It was great until it started creeking. Comfortable? Ehh…
RAMSÄTRA futon - 5/10 - Ample-bottomed need not buy. Manufacturer would not replace part.
MALM recliner - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great I’m happy with it.
HEMNES table - I've had better, but this is still great overall. It is OK.
BREIM desk lamp - Pretty great for the price gets the job done
KLABB desk chair - 9/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase. Great fit good for my space
ÅDUM coffee table - 8/10 - Both me and my husband love these.
HENRIKSDAL light - Will-destroying assembly required.
KLABB table - Manufacturer would not replace part. Did not spend an arm and a leg Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
DAGSTORP coffee table - LOL there are NO LOCKS Who would ever buy this? Right, I did... Not what I ordered.
FJÄLKINGE desk - Pretty great for the price
MORVIK futon - LOL there are NO LOCKS A bit of a disappointment. I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”.
BOHOLMEN coffee table - 5/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great lots of storage!
ÄNGSÖ sofa - No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
GÄSPA standing table - 3/10 - Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
BESTÅ futon - Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product. Easy to set up We <3 this frame!
FJÄLKINGE desk - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Did not spend an arm and a leg
BJURSTA recliner - 4/10 - Looks great, feels terrible. I totally do not recommend buying this product
BESTÅ bed frame - Not what I ordered. Will-destroying assembly required.
KLABB desk lamp - I’m happy with it. Easy to set up It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
BILD couch - Thought it would be a chair.
HENRIKSDAL desk lamp - 5/10 - Easy to set up
GALANT futon - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great Both me and my husband love these. Hands down the best I've ever had.
NORRNÄS light - Great
GALANT recliner - 5/10 - Just horrible. Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted Comfortable? Ehh…
DVALA floor lamp - 10/10 - Great I’m happy with it.
DONBÅS desk lamp - 3/10 - Awkward and poorly made. Starts sweating after a few months.
BJÖRNLOCKA sofa - 4/10 - Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
HENRIKSDAL futon - Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
LERHAMN coffee table - So far, so good! Itś very strong Works just fine.
DAGARN desk - 7/10 - Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
DAGSTORP mattress - Holds up well. Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. I’m happy with it.
DAGARN shelf - 9/10 - I was very pleased with my purchase. It’s pretty much what I was looking for. Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast.
DVALA table - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted Not what I ordered. Starts sweating after a few months.
MORVIK bed frame - 6/10 - Hands down the best I've ever had. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
HEMNES desk - 5/10 - installed in like 10 minutes and it works great Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product.
DVALA coffee table - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. !
DAGARN mattress - 8/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. Hands down the best I've ever had. I love this and my cats love it.
MORVIK desk chair - awesome!
MORDVICK desk lamp - 8/10 - Both me and my cat love these. sturdy Hands down the best I've ever had.
UTRUSTA couch - Not worth the $68, it has feel apart in one month, I wasn’t expecting much but hay you would of thought it would have been finished painted Blech! This is a piece of junk. Manufacturer would not replace part.
ÄNGSÖ chair - 10/10 - Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap. So far, so good! Itś very strong Comfortable, well built
FJÄLKINGE recliner - 8/10 - For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item. gets the job done Works just fine.
KALLAX table - 1/10 - Not what I ordered. Hard to assemble. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
BJÖRNLOCKA floor lamp - You get what you pay for. easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Just horrible.
BOHOLMEN ceiling lamp - It was great until it started creeking. LOL there are NO LOCKS I did not want a tripod.
MORVIK bed - 2/10 - Starts sweating after a few months. Blech! This is a piece of junk. Looks great, feels terrible.
POÄNG chair - 8/10 - Very happy.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great I've had better, but this is still great overall.
BILLSTA desk chair - 6/10 - A great addition to the house. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
KLABB bedframe - 5/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg Blech! This is a piece of junk. The painted finish is very uneven
PAX desk - 10/10 - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. I love this and my cats love it.
FALSTER standing table - Really? IKEA's not even trying. Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this. Hard to assemble.
ALEX picture frame - 1/10 - Not what I ordered.
FJÄLKINGE coffee table - It was great until it started creeking. In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable.
DONBÅS bed - 5/10 - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision.
DAGARN light - 1/10 - Okay guys, this is just poor quality. Get one with a larger base. Frustrated I searched the arcane directions for some clue as to what I was doing wrong. When the strange hieroglyphics offered to answer, I tried the screw again and with much straining I found I was able to slightly turn one.
TYSSEDAL sofa - 7/10 - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. I’m happy with it.
NYMÖ bed frame - lots of storage! Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc. These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out.
DAGARN shelf - 6/10 - Works just fine. I've never owned anything better!
ÄNGSÖ bed frame - 6/10 - Great
STRÅLA bed - horrible. horrible. horrible. idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
TYSSEDAL floor lamp - 1/10 - Not what I ordered. horrible. horrible. horrible. Comfortable? Ehh…
STRÅLA coffee table - horrible. horrible. horrible. The painted finish is very uneven
RAMSÄTRA desk chair - Broken Awkward and poorly made. A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
PAX table - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Broken Did not spend an arm and a leg
STRÅLA table - 4/10 - Did not spend an arm and a leg A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. You get what you pay for.
RAMSÄTRA recliner - 6/10 - Great Easy to set up Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking.
BOHOLMEN desk chair - Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. Very easy to assemble, it took 5 minutes. Light weght and moves around easily. Awesome product. Great
BOHOLMEN desk - 3/10 - Hard to assemble. horrible. horrible. horrible. Who would ever buy this? Right, I did...
RAMSÄTRA futon - 3/10 - LOL there are NO LOCKS
DVALA picture frame - 2/10 - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. No, no, no. Really a horrible product. Just horrible.
DONBÅS futon - 5/10 - Both me and my wife love these. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
BJURSTA mattress - READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is! No, no, no. Really a horrible product.
ÄNGSÖ recliner - 5/10 - The assembly took me 10 mins.! And its very sturdy. ! Quick, easy setup....wife were surprised that i got it set up so fast. Both me and my cat love these.
NORRNÄS sofa - 9/10 - I needed this because the bedroom of my new apartment doesn't have one built-in. This seemed like the best bet.
ÅDUM coffee table - So far, so good! Itś very strong
BREIM desk - It looks USED. Will-destroying assembly required. LOL there are NO LOCKS
NORNÄS mattress - 8/10 - Works just fine. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
NORRNÄS picture frame - 5/10 - This is the one! Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together. Comfortable, well built
ALEX desk - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. was super easy to install; is easy to move, and its also very sturdy.
HENRIKSDAL bed - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ idea of packing could be generously described as throwing a bunch of s*** into a box
TYSSEDAL desk chair - These are great.  They’ll go with my kids when they move out. It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either.
DAGARN desk chair - It’s pretty much what I was looking for.
STRÅLA ceiling lamp - 2/10 - A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. Did not spend an arm and a leg
BILLSTA table - is the perfect height I was very pleased with my purchase. It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways.
NYMÖ standing table - I would call this the "furniture of humiliation and despair”. Really? IKEA's not even trying.
BILLSTA sofa - 1/10 - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product.
BESTÅ light - 6/10 - Woohoo!
BJURSTA mattress - it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’ Looks great, feels terrible.
BJÖRNLOCKA bedframe - Cheap! Comfortable? Ehh… Two stars.
ÄNGSÖ recliner - This is the one! Comfortable, well built
DAGARN ceiling lamp - It’s pretty much what I was looking for. Both me and my husband love these. Comfortable, well built
ALVINE picture frame - I've never owned anything better!
STRÅLA light - You get what you pay for. I’m happy with it.
KLABB light - Looks great, feels terrible. You get what you pay for.
ÅDUM mattress - 2/10 - Get one with a larger base.
MORVIK picture frame - Very good!!!
GALANT standing table - This came broken.  I didn’t return because I need it urgently.
FJÄLKINGE sofa - Woohoo!
HEKTAR recliner - 2/10 - Broken
BREIM bed frame - 6/10 - Easy to set up Woohoo! Both me and my wife love these.
HENRIKSDAL bed - not that comfortable Broken
KVIKNE chair - It is OK. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great
ÄNGSÖ floor lamp - 10/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall. I’m happy with it. Both me and my wife love these.
BJÖRNLOCKA bed frame - 7/10 - It's not big enough to completely cover a horse's head, and it doesn't provide enough air flow for them, either. I love this and my cats love it.
FJÄLKINGE desk chair - 3/10 - A bit of a disappointment. Pros: only takes one minute to see how bad this product is!
NORRNÄS light - I was very pleased with my purchase.
NYMÖ coffee table - 3/10 - Starts sweating after a few months. Good for basic use, but if you're looking for something that looks good and not uber cheap, do not purchase this.
NYMÖ bed frame - easy to put together. that was all that was good about this product. Will-destroying assembly required.
POÄNG bed frame - You get what you pay for.
HEMNES chair - 2/10 - Manufacturer would not replace part.
KLABB desk lamp - It is day 87 and the horses have accepted me as one of their own. I have grown to understand and respect their gentle ways. Both me and my cat love these. Works well with the rest of my room, which is unsurprisingly also IKEA.
MALM desk - Meh.
POÄNG mattress - 5/10 - It may look ugly, but overall it's great. Just holding the packaging it comes in, I can see distant galaxies and, though you may not believe it, hear what the aliens there are thinking. Hands down the best I've ever had.
DAGARN light - 5/10 - Both me and my cat love these. Very happy seems sturdy. It may look ugly, but overall it's great.
PAX desk lamp - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws.
BESTÅ bed - 2/10 - Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! A few hours, a can of WD 40, two screwdrivers, lots of cursing and grunting, heaving and twisting, and, I'll admit, a little bit of crying later, I had freed two of the four screws. MUCH HIGHER THAN SPECIFIED!
UTRUSTA desk lamp - Not for me. Hard to assemble.
MALM desk - In the end, despite being both designed and manufactured by baboons, this is quite comfortable. Not what I ordered.
DONBÅS coffee table - sturdy I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. Looks nice in my home.
MORDVICK futon - 5/10 - It does the job, but not quality is not perfect.
FJÄLKINGE bedframe - I'm aware of the negative reviews about this bending and being noisy. My experience, however, is different. I'm loving this frame. I love this and my cats love it. awesome!
KALLAX light - I did not want a tripod. Awkward and poorly made. it’s not terrible, it’s just ‘meh’
POÄNG bed frame - I've had better, but this is still great overall. Great, can’t believe it’s so cheap.
TYSSEDAL bed frame - 1/10 - Blech! This is a piece of junk. Did not spend an arm and a leg
KALLAX standing table - Comfortable, well built
HENRIKSDAL floor lamp - 2/10 - Starts sweating after a few months. It does the job, but not quality is not perfect. horrible. horrible. horrible.
BREIM standing table - 4/10 - No, no, no. Really a horrible product. I have purchased many pieces of "bargain" furniture throughout my life and I have very reasonable expectations as far as quality is concerned, but this desk is just bad and the manufacturers should be embarrassed to sell such a poor quality product. I know I am embarrassed to own it. This was an utter waste of money. Do not buy.
PAX chair - 5/10 - Get one with a larger base.
DAGARN couch - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
STRÅLA ceiling lamp - I've had better, but this is still great overall. So sexy!!!!
BESTÅ recliner - Looks nice in my home. Hands down the best I've ever had. Woohoo!
LERHAMN bed - Broken
ALEX standing table - 8/10 - Very good!!! Takes all of ten minutes to assemble, I would say I made the right decision. It is OK.
NORNÄS futon - awesome! It may look ugly, but overall it's great. For do it yourself, I've been extremely satisfied with this item.
FALSTER chair - The painted finish is very uneven
KALLAX light - Comfortable? Ehh… You get what you pay for.
HEKTAR recliner - Get one with a larger base.
KVIKNE table - Get one with a larger base. READ REVIEW BEFORE PURCHASING
MALM mattress - Was the best priced item when I was looking on Ikea, etc.
BILD standing table - Both me and my wife love these. installed in like 10 minutes and it works great awesome!
ÅDUM bed - 1/10 - Awkward and poorly made. Poor quality! Do not buy! Shouldn’t be sold! Not what I expected.
ÅDUM bedframe - 9/10 - I've had better, but this is still great overall. So sexy!!!! Appeared quite solid as I began putting it together.
MALM standing table - Great
